Flask - Parsing HTTP Headers

Code Repository: 
https://github.com/pallets/flask

License Type:
BSD 3-Clause License

License Description:
This license is similar to the BSD 2-Clause License which contains two clauses. The first clause is that redistribution of 
the source code must contain a specific copyright notice, a list of conditions and a specific disclaimer. The second clause 
requires that redistribution that is in binary form must include the same three items mentioned above in the documentation. 
There is a third clause that comes in with the BSD 3-Clause License which the framework Flask is under. This clause is that 
neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products 
derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

The permissions that are allowed with Flask under this license are that it is approved for commercial and/or private use, 
and is able to be modified and/or distributed. There are limitations with liability and warranty. Essentially, the 
requirements of this license when copying, modifying or distributing any code is that the full text of the license must be
included, along with the original copyright notice (which is actually included in the license). The license must include
the year and owner in the form "Copyright (c) $YEAR $OWNER, All rights reserved".

License Restrictions:
The BSD 3-Clause License has very minimal restrictions, which is what makes it easier to use and understand since it can be
fairly used commercially and privately. A restriction that is does include concerns using the names of contributors to the
repository for endorsement when advertising without permission. This is the third clause that was mentioned above, where 
people using code under the BSD 3-Clause license are unable to include the name of the copyright holder and/or the 
contributors to endorse any work that was produced from using the open source code under this license. For example, a project
created from using Flask cannot be endorsed by the contributors of Flask without special permission.

Dispel Magic:

1. 